Ti=<center>PLEASE USE YOUR LETTERHEAD/LOGO</center>
 
 
Re.Ti=Re: OPEN TRUST FABRIC Alliance -- LETTER OF INTENT

 
Re.1.Sec=Date: ________________________

Re.2.Ti=To:  Luigi Telesca

Re.2.1.sec=℅ eXrade SRL

Re.2.2.sec=Via Roberto da Sanseverino 95

Re.2.3.sec=38122 Trento

Re.2.4.sec=Italy
 
Re.2.=[G/Z/ol-none/s4]
 
Re.=[G/Z/paras/2]

0.sec={Re.Sec}

1.sec=l, the undersigned, hereby confirm that {insert the name of the organisation} supports and is willing to join the Open Trust Fabric team and is willing to contribute to the creation of the open repository addressing the tender named “Feasibility Study: Modelling the EU Economy as an Ecosystem of Contracts” of the European Commission. 

2.sec=This letter demonstrates our awareness of the OPEN TRUST FABRIC and our motivation to support this activity.
 
3.sec=We welcome the idea of the OPEN TRUST FABRIC's approach to offer a new paradigm to represent and map the economy as an ecosystem of contracts. We see value in the creation of an open repository and can facilitate the development of innovative products and applications at national and European and global levels.
 
4.0.sec=ln the event that the consortium's proposal is successful, we will [please check the relevant boxes]

4.1.sec=(___)  Become a national champion and local catalyst facilitating the introduction of the OPEN TRUST FABRIC in my country.

4.2.sec=(___)  Contribute actively in the research engaging internal and third parties contribution.

4.3.sec=(___)  Contribute actively in the collection and cataloguing of the contract standards for different industries and verticals.

4.4.sec=(___)  Use the research results for our contract related activities;

4.5.sec=(___)  Use the open platform as a tool to support standardisation initiatives and stakeholders engagement;

4.6.sec=(___)  Use the guidance materials for policy and market stakeholders, enabling them to design sustainable contract solutions which will be adopted by our constituency;

4.7.sec=(___)  Promote the open portal via our communication channels and networks to policy makers, authorities and public and private product and service providers.

4.8.sec=(___)  Other:  _________________________________________________________

4.=[G/Z/ol-bullet/s8]

=[G/Z/paras/s4]

Sign.0.sec=Yours sincerely,
 
Sign.1.sec=(Signature)

Sign.2.sec=(Name of repyresentative)

Sign.3.sec=(Position of representative)

Sign.4.sec=(Name of organisation/municipality/city )

Sign.5.sec=(Stamp of the organisation/municipality/city)

Sign.=[G/Z/paras/s5]

00.sec={Sign.sec}
